DESCRIPTION: If the beaches of Goa seem to extend into unknown horizons, why not venture to the other side and see what lies there. A small village called 
  Betim will seem to be a good choice if you are looking for solitary experiences. Fishing, boat-building and markets seem to flavour this small and beautiful spot. Not surprisingly, fresh sea food is available at reasonable rates, and in plenty. So, do not miss on the offbeat fun that this place promises.
FAMOUS FOR: Boating
TYPE OF CATEGORY : Loners
								

									Experience Seekers
TIME OF DURATION : All days of the week 12:00 AM - 12:00 AM
TIME OF DURATION : 1 to 2 hours
TITLE : Betim
LOCATION : Chapel of St Sebastian, Panaji, Goa, 403001, India
LOCATION : +91-832-2424001
OTHERS IN GOA: activities in goa
water sports / activities in goa
shopping in goa
shop in goa
nightlife in goa
pub in goa
night club in goa
yoga in goa
spa / massage in goa
unique experiences in goa
OTHERS IN GOA: restaurant in goa
local / street food in goa
cafe / bakery in goa
bakery in goa
confectionary in goa
cake / pastry shop in goa
coffee shop in goa
fast food joint in goa
ice-cream parlor in goa
dessert place in goa
pizza shop in goa
nature / wildlife in goa
beach in goa
religious in goa
church in goa
temple in goa
history and culture in goa
museum in goa
weekend getaways from goa
places near goa
OTHERS IN GOA: hotel in goa
resort in goa
cheap hotels in goa
1 star hotels in goa
2 star hotels in goa
3 star hotels in goa
4 star hotels in goa
5 star hotels in goa
goa holiday packages
nearest airport to goa
nearest railway station to goa
transportation in goa
REVIEW : ixigo
If the beaches of Goa seem to extend into unknown horizons, why not venture to the other side and see what lies there. A small village called Betim will seem to be a good choice if you are looking for solitary experiences. Fishing, boat-building and markets seem to flavour this small and beautiful spot of land. Not surprisingly then, fresh sea food is available at reasonable rates, and of course, in plenty. So, do not miss on the offbeat fun that this place promises.
