DESCRIPTION: Plunging down in the underwater world of Goa, you will discover a world poles apart and yet quintessentially Goan just 4 feet below. Stand on top of Sail Rock and plunge down through the warm, clear waters of the Arabian Sea down to its murky depths, past tropical fishes swimming around. The shipwrecks out here, like the wreck of SS Rita or Suzy's Wreck as it is fondly called, are home to molluscs, corals, lobsters, clams, barracudas and many other tropical marine beings and exploring them is an adventure in itself. 
  With fairly clear visibility as deep as 18 feet below sea level and waters that relatively calm most of the time with just the occasional surges, scuba diving in Goa is quite the popular indulgence and most of the sites are feasible for beginners as well the professionals.
FAMOUS FOR: Scuba Diving
TYPE OF CATEGORY : 3,000
														
															-
															4,500
														

												per person
TIME OF DURATION : All days of the week 6:00 AM - 11:00 AM
TITLE : Scuba Diving at Sail Rock
LOCATION : South west of Grand Island, near Mormugao harbour, South Goa, India- 403802
OTHERS IN GOA: activities in goa
water sports / activities in goa
shopping in goa
shop in goa
nightlife in goa
pub in goa
night club in goa
yoga in goa
spa / massage in goa
unique experiences in goa
OTHERS IN GOA: restaurant in goa
local / street food in goa
cafe / bakery in goa
bakery in goa
confectionary in goa
cake / pastry shop in goa
coffee shop in goa
fast food joint in goa
ice-cream parlor in goa
dessert place in goa
pizza shop in goa
nature / wildlife in goa
beach in goa
religious in goa
church in goa
temple in goa
history and culture in goa
museum in goa
weekend getaways from goa
places near goa
OTHERS IN GOA: hotel in goa
resort in goa
cheap hotels in goa
1 star hotels in goa
2 star hotels in goa
3 star hotels in goa
4 star hotels in goa
5 star hotels in goa
goa holiday packages
nearest airport to goa
nearest railway station to goa
transportation in goa
REVIEW : ixigo
The best time to Scuba dive in Goa is from October to April.

Engage the services of a certified scuba diving agency that will provide you with all the necessary equipment and guidance.

Do not drag your equipment across the reefs as they can be damaged even with the slightest of touch. 

If you have to hold on to any part of the reefs, make sure its only the exposed rocky sides or if the coral is dead.

Try to minimize the disturbance your presence will inevitably cause for the marine organisms.

Underwater current conditions vary from site to site and with tides. Be sure of the conditions before making the dive.
